Adding inner hits docs (#7677)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/searching-data/inner-hits.md

---
layout: default
title: Inner hits
parent: Searching data
has_children: false
nav_order: 70
---

> 

Reviewer: Delete the extra blank lines - only 1 is needed 😄

# Inner_hits

> In OpenSearch, when you perform a search using parent-join or nested objects (for more information see [Join field type]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/join/) and [Nested field type]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/nested/)), the underlying hits that resulted in the hits being returned (child documents or nested inner objects) are hidden by default. Whether you are using parent/child, nested objects or both, there could be different reasons why retrieving these underlying hits is important. This is achieved using `inner_hits` parameter in the search query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In OpenSearch, when you perform a search using [nested objects]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/nested/) or [parent-join]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/join/), the underlying hits that matched the query and resulted in the hits being returned (nested inner objects or child documents) are hidden by default. Whether you are using parent/child, nested objects, or both, there could be different reasons why retrieving these underlying hits is important. You can retrieve inner hits using the `inner_hits` parameter in the search query.
```

> <!-- vale off -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> ## Inner_hits with nested objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Inner hits with nested objects
```

> <!-- vale on -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Nested objects allow you to index an array of objects and maintain their relationship within the same document. See the following example of using `inner_hits` parameter to retrieve underlying inner hits:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Nested objects allow you to index an array of objects and maintain their relationship within the same document. The following example uses the `inner_hits` parameter to retrieve the underlying inner hits.
```

> 1. Create index mapping with nested object:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an index mapping with a nested object:
```

    ```json
    PUT /my_index
    {
      "mappings": {
        "properties": {
          "user": {
            "type": "nested",
            "properties": {
              "name": { "type": "text" },
              "age": { "type": "integer" }
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
    ```
    {% include copy-curl.html %}

2. Index data:

    ```json
    POST /my_index/_doc/1
    {
      "group": "fans",
      "user": [
        {
          "name": "John Doe",
          "age": 28
        },
        {
          "name": "Jane Smith",
          "age": 34
        }
      ]
    }
    ```
    {% include copy-curl.html %}

3. Query with `inner_hits`:

    ```json
    GET /my_index/_search
    {
      "query": {
        "nested": {
          "path": "user",
          "query": {
            "bool": {
              "must": [
                { "match": { "user.name": "John" } }
              ]
            }
          },
          "inner_hits": {}
        }
      }
    }
    ```
    {% include copy-curl.html %}

> This query searches for nested user objects with the name "John" and returns the matching nested documents within the inner_hits section of the response. The following is the retrieved result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preceding query searches for nested user objects with the name John and returns the matching nested documents within the `inner_hits` section of the response:
```

{
  "hits" : {
    "total" : {
      "value" : 1,
      "relation" : "eq"
    },
    "max_score" : 0.6931471,
    "hits" : [
      {
        "_index" : "my_index",
        "_id" : "1",
        "_score" : 0.6931471,
        "_source" : {
          "group" : "fans",
          "user" : [
            {
              "name" : "John Doe",
              "age" : 28
            },
            {
              "name" : "Jane Smith",
              "age" : 34
            }
          ]
        },
        "inner_hits" : {
          "user" : {
            "hits" : {
              "total" : {
                "value" : 1,
                "relation" : "eq"
              },
              "max_score" : 0.6931471,
              "hits" : [
                {
                  "_index" : "my_index",
                  "_id" : "1",
                  "_nested" : {
                    "field" : "user",
                    "offset" : 0
                  },
                  "_score" : 0.6931471,
                  "_source" : {
                    "name" : "John Doe",
                    "age" : 28
                  }
                }
              ]
            }
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

> <!-- vale off -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> ## Inner_hits with parent-child objects

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Inner hits with parent-child objects
```

> <!-- vale on -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> Parent-join relationships allow you to create relationships between documents of different types within the same index. See following example using search with `inner_hits` with parent/child objects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Parent-join relationships allow you to create relationships between documents of different types within the same index. The following example demonstrates searching with `inner_hits` using parent/child objects.
```

> 1. Create index with parent-join field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an index with a parent-join field:
```

    ```json
    PUT /my_index
    {
      "mappings": {
        "properties": {
          "my_join_field": {
            "type": "join",
            "relations": {
              "parent": "child"
            }
          },
          "text": {
            "type": "text"
          }
        }
      }
    }
    ```
    {% include copy-curl.html %}

2. Index data:

    ```json
    # Index a parent document
    PUT /my_index/_doc/1
    {
      "text": "This is a parent document",
      "my_join_field": "parent"
    }
    
    # Index a child document
    PUT /my_index/_doc/2?routing=1
    {
      "text": "This is a child document",
      "my_join_field": {
        "name": "child",
        "parent": "1"
      }
    }
    ```
    {% include copy-curl.html %}

3. Search with `inner_hits`:

    ```json
    GET /my_index/_search
    {
      "query": {
        "has_child": {
          "type": "child",
          "query": {
            "match": {
              "text": "child"
            }
          },
          "inner_hits": {}
        }
      }
    }
    ```
    {% include copy-curl.html %}

> This query searches for parent documents that have a child document matching the query criteria (`"child"` in this case) and returns the matching child documents within the `inner_hits` section of the response. See the following expected result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The preceding query searches for parent documents that have a child document matching the query criteria (in this case, the term `"child"`). It returns the matching child documents within the `inner_hits` section of the response:
```

```json
{
  "hits" : {
    "total" : {
      "value" : 1,
      "relation" : "eq"
    },
    "max_score" : 1.0,
    "hits" : [
      {
        "_index" : "my_index",
        "_id" : "1",
        "_score" : 1.0,
        "_source" : {
          "text" : "This is a parent document",
          "my_join_field" : "parent"
        },
        "inner_hits" : {
          "child" : {
            "hits" : {
              "total" : {
                "value" : 1,
                "relation" : "eq"
              },
              "max_score" : 0.6931471,
              "hits" : [
                {
                  "_index" : "my_index",
                  "_id" : "2",
                  "_score" : 0.6931471,
                  "_routing" : "1",
                  "_source" : {
                    "text" : "This is a child document",
                    "my_join_field" : {
                      "name" : "child",
                      "parent" : "1"
                    }
                  }
                }
              ]
            }
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

> ## Full example using both parent-join and nested object with inner_hits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using both parent-join and nested objects with inner hits
```

> Combining both features into a comprehensive example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following example demonstrates using both parent-join and nested objects with inner hits.
```

> 1. Create the index with mapping:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an index with the following mapping:
```

    ```json
    # Index a parent document
    PUT /my_index/_doc/1
    {
      "text": "This is a parent document",
      "my_join_field": "parent"
    }
    
    # Index a child document with nested comments
    PUT /my_index/_doc/2?routing=1
    {
      "text": "This is a child document",
      "my_join_field": {
        "name": "child",
        "parent": "1"
      },
      "comments": [
        {
          "user": "John",
          "message": "This is a comment"
        },
        {
          "user": "Jane",
          "message": "Another comment"
        }
      ]
    }
    ```
    {% include copy-curl.html %}

3. Query with `inner_hits`:

    ```json
    GET /my_index/_search
    {
      "query": {
        "has_child": {
          "type": "child",
          "query": {
            "nested": {
              "path": "comments",
              "query": {
                "bool": {
                  "must": [
                    { "match": { "comments.user": "John" } }
                  ]
                }
              },
              "inner_hits": {}
            }
          },
          "inner_hits": {}
        }
      }
    }
    ```
    {% include copy-curl.html %}

> In this query you can see how search for parent documents that have child documents containing comments made by "John". The `inner_hits` feature is used to return the matching child documents and their nested comments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this query, you are searching for parent documents that have child documents containing comments made by John. Specifying `inner_hits` ensures that the matching child documents and their nested comments are returned:
```

> Expected result:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

                        "message" : "Another comment"
                      }
                    ]
                  },
                  "inner_hits" : {
                    "comments" : {
                      "hits" : {
                        "total" : {
                          "value" : 1,
                          "relation" : "eq"
                        },
                        "max_score" : 0.6931471,
                        "hits" : [
                          {
                            "_index" : "my_index",
                            "_id" : "2",
                            "_nested" : {
                              "field" : "comments",
                              "offset" : 0
                            },
                            "_score" : 0.6931471,
                            "_source" : {
                              "message" : "This is a comment",
                              "user" : "John"
                            }
                          }
                        ]
                      }
                    }
                  }
                }
              ]
            }
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

> 

Reviewer: I would move this list to line 15.

> You can also use inner_hits with following features:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use `inner_hits` with the following features:
```

  - [Highlight query matches]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/search-plugins/searching-data/highlight/)
  - [Explain]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/api-reference/explain/)

<!-- vale off -->

> ## Inner_hits parameters

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## inner_hits parameters
```

<!-- vale on -->

> There are additional parameters that can be passed to search with `inner_hits` using both nested objects and parent-join relationships in OpenSearch. Such as `from`, `size`, `sort` and `name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can pass the following additional parameters to a search with `inner_hits` using both nested objects and parent-join relationships:
```

> * `from`: The offset from where to start fetching hits within the inner_hits results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `from`: The offset from where to start fetching hits within the `inner_hits` results.
```

* `size`: The maximum number of inner hits to return.
* `sort`: The sorting order for the inner hits.
* `name`: A custom name for the inner hits in the response. This is useful to differentiate between multiple inner hits in a single query.

> <!-- vale off -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!-- vale off -->
```

### Example of inner_hits parameters with nested objects

> <!-- vale on -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- vale on -->

```

> 1. Create index and mappings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an index with the following mappings:
```

    ```json
    PUT /products
    {
      "mappings": {
        "properties": {
          "product_name": { "type": "text" },
          "reviews": {
            "type": "nested",
            "properties": {
              "user": { "type": "text" },
              "comment": { "type": "text" },
              "rating": { "type": "integer" }
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
    ```
    {% include copy-curl.html %}

2. Index data:

>     ```json

Reviewer: Please separate the indexed documents into one code block each and add a copy-curl include after each one. Please apply globally.

    POST /products/_doc/1
    {
      "product_name": "Smartphone",
      "reviews": [
        { "user": "Alice", "comment": "Great phone", "rating": 5 },
        { "user": "Bob", "comment": "Not bad", "rating": 3 },
        { "user": "Charlie", "comment": "Excellent", "rating": 4 }
      ]
    }
    
    POST /products/_doc/2
    {
      "product_name": "Laptop",
      "reviews": [
        { "user": "Dave", "comment": "Very good", "rating": 5 },
        { "user": "Eve", "comment": "Good value", "rating": 4 }
      ]
    }
    ```
    {% include copy-curl.html %}

> 3. Query with `inner_hits` options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Query with `inner_hits` and provide additional parameters:
```

    ```json
    GET /products/_search
    {
      "query": {
        "nested": {
          "path": "reviews",
          "query": {
            "match": { "reviews.comment": "Good" }
          },
          "inner_hits": {
            "from": 0,
            "size": 2,
            "sort": [
              { "reviews.rating": { "order": "desc" } }
            ],
            "name": "top_reviews"
          }
        }
      }
    }
    ```
    {% include copy-curl.html %}

> Expected result:

Reviewer: Add a descriptive intro sentence to the response.

              },
              "max_score" : null,
              "hits" : [
                {
                  "_index" : "products",
                  "_id" : "2",
                  "_nested" : {
                    "field" : "reviews",
                    "offset" : 0
                  },
                  "_score" : null,
                  "_source" : {
                    "rating" : 5,
                    "comment" : "Very good",
                    "user" : "Dave"
                  },
                  "sort" : [
                    5
                  ]
                },
                {
                  "_index" : "products",
                  "_id" : "2",
                  "_nested" : {
                    "field" : "reviews",
                    "offset" : 1
                  },
                  "_score" : null,
                  "_source" : {
                    "rating" : 4,
                    "comment" : "Good value",
                    "user" : "Eve"
                  },
                  "sort" : [
                    4
                  ]
                }
              ]
            }
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

> <!-- vale off -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion

<!-- vale off -->
```

> ### Example of inner_hits parameters with Parent-Join Relationship

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Example of inner_hits parameters with a parent-join relationship
```

> <!-- vale on -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<!-- vale on -->

```

> 1. Create index and mappings:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create an index with the following mappings:
```

    PUT /company/_doc/1
    {
      "name": "Alice",
      "my_join_field": "employee"
    }
    
    # Index child documents
    PUT /company/_doc/2?routing=1
    {
      "description": "Complete the project",
      "my_join_field": {
        "name": "task",
        "parent": "1"
      }
    }
    
    PUT /company/_doc/3?routing=1
    {
      "description": "Prepare the report",
      "my_join_field": {
        "name": "task",
        "parent": "1"
      }
    }

    PUT /company/_doc/4?routing=1
    {
      "description": "Update project",
      "my_join_field": {
        "name": "task",
        "parent": "1"
      }
    }
    ```
    {% include copy-curl.html %}

3. Query with `inner_hits` parameters:

    ```json
    GET /company/_search
    {
      "query": {
        "has_child": {
          "type": "task",
          "query": {
            "match": { "description": "project" }
          },
          "inner_hits": {
            "from": 0,
            "size": 10,
            "sort": [
              { "description.keyword": { "order": "asc" } }
            ],
            "name": "related_tasks"
          }
        }
      }
    }
    ```
    {% include copy-curl.html %}

> Expected result:

Reviewer: Add a descriptive intro sentence to the response.

              "hits": [
                {
                  "_index": "company",
                  "_id": "2",
                  "_score": null,
                  "_routing": "1",
                  "_source": {
                    "description": "Complete the project",
                    "my_join_field": {
                      "name": "task",
                      "parent": "1"
                    }
                  },
                  "sort": [
                    "Complete the project"
                  ]
                },
                {
                  "_index": "company",
                  "_id": "4",
                  "_score": null,
                  "_routing": "1",
                  "_source": {
                    "description": "Update project",
                    "my_join_field": {
                      "name": "task",
                      "parent": "1"
                    }
                  },
                  "sort": [
                    "Update project"
                  ]
                }
              ]
            }
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```
<!-- vale off -->
## Benefits of using inner_hits
<!-- vale on -->

> * **Detailed Query Results**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using `inner_hits` provides the following benefits:

* **Detailed Query Results**
```

> * **Detailed Query Results**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Detailed query results**
```

>     `inner_hits` allows you to retrieve detailed information about matching nested or child documents directly within the parent document's search result. This is particularly useful for understanding the context and specifics of the match without having to perform additional queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Using `inner_hits` allows you to retrieve detailed information about matching nested or child documents directly within the parent document's search results. This is particularly useful for understanding the context and specifics of the match without having to perform additional queries.
```

>     Example use case: In a blog post index, you have comments as nested objects. When searching for blog posts with specific comments, you can retrieve the relevant comments that matched the search criteria along with the post details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Example use case: In a blog post index, you have comments as nested objects. When searching for blog posts containing specific comments, you can retrieve the relevant comments that matched the search criteria along with the post details.
```

> * **Optimized Performance**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Optimized performance**
```

>     Without `inner_hits`, you might need to perform multiple queries to fetch related documents. `inner_hits` consolidates this into a single query, reducing the number of round trips to the OpenSearch server and improving overall performance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Without `inner_hits`, you might need to run multiple queries to fetch related documents. Using `inner_hits` consolidates these into a single query, reducing the number of round trips to the OpenSearch server and improving overall performance.
```

    Example use case: In an e-commerce application, you have products as parent documents and reviews as child documents. A single query with `inner_hits` can fetch products with their relevant reviews, avoiding multiple separate queries.

> * **Simplified Query Logic**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Simplified query logic**
```

>     Combining parent and child or nested documents logic in a single query simplifies the application code and reduces complexity. It helps maintain cleaner and more maintainable code by centralizing the query logic within OpenSearch.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Combining parent/child or nested document logic in a single query simplifies the application code and reduces complexity. It helps ensure the code is cleaner and more maintainable by centralizing the query logic within OpenSearch.
```

    Example use case: In a job portal, jobs are parent documents, and applications are nested or child documents. Fetching jobs along with specific applications in one query keeps the application logic simple.

> * **Contextual Relevance**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Contextual relevance**
```

>     `inner_hits` provides contextual relevance by showing exactly which nested or child documents matched the query criteria. This is crucial for applications where the relevance of results depends on the specific part of the document that matched the query.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Using `inner_hits` provides contextual relevance by showing exactly which nested or child documents matched the query criteria. This is crucial for applications in which the relevance of results depends on a specific part of the document that matched the query.
```

>     Example use case: In a customer support system, tickets are parent documents, and comments or updates are nested or child documents. Knowing which specific comment matched the search helps in understanding the context of the ticket search.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Example use case: In a customer support system, tickets are parent documents, and comments or updates are nested or child documents. Knowing which specific comment matched the search helps understand the context of the ticket search.
```

---
layout: default
title: Inner hits
parent: Searching data
has_children: false
nav_order: 70
---

# Inner_hits

> 

Author: I've updated the line to :
when you perform a search using nested objects or parent-join, the underlying hits (nested inner objects or child documents) are hidden by default. You can retrieve inner hits using the `inner_hits` parameter in the search query

> In OpenSearch, when you perform a search using [nested objects]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/nested/) or [parent-join]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/join/), the underlying hits (nested inner objects or child documents) are hidden by default. You can retrieve inner hits using the `inner_hits` parameter in the search query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In OpenSearch, when you perform a search using [nested objects]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/nested/) or [parent-join]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/field-types/supported-field-types/join/), the underlying hits (nested inner objects or child documents) are hidden by default. You can retrieve inner hits by using the `inner_hits` parameter in the search query.
```

```json
{
  "hits" : {
    "total" : {
      "value" : 1,
      "relation" : "eq"
    },
    "max_score" : 1.0,
    "hits" : [
      {
        "_index" : "my_index",
        "_id" : "1",
        "_score" : 1.0,
        "_source" : {
          "text" : "This is a parent document",
          "my_join_field" : "parent"
        },
        "inner_hits" : {
          "child" : {
            "hits" : {
              "total" : {
                "value" : 1,
                "relation" : "eq"
              },
              "max_score" : 0.6931471,
              "hits" : [
                {
                  "_index" : "my_index",
                  "_id" : "2",
                  "_score" : 0.6931471,
                  "_routing" : "1",
                  "_source" : {
                    "text" : "This is a child document",
                    "my_join_field" : {
                      "name" : "child",
                      "parent" : "1"
                    }
                  }
                }
              ]
            }
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

> ## Using both parent-join and nested objects with inner hits

Author: This is a bit tricky, as parameter `inner_hits` represents actual inner hits. But I went though PR and updated to what I think makes most sense.

> ## Using both parent-join and nested objects with inner hits

Reviewer 2: Thanks, just wanted to confirm that we've accurately referenced the two throughout.

              },
              "max_score" : null,
              "hits" : [
                {
                  "_index" : "products",
                  "_id" : "2",
                  "_nested" : {
                    "field" : "reviews",
                    "offset" : 0
                  },
                  "_score" : null,
                  "_source" : {
                    "rating" : 5,
                    "comment" : "Very good",
                    "user" : "Dave"
                  },
                  "sort" : [
                    5
                  ]
                },
                {
                  "_index" : "products",
                  "_id" : "2",
                  "_nested" : {
                    "field" : "reviews",
                    "offset" : 1
                  },
                  "_score" : null,
                  "_source" : {
                    "rating" : 4,
                    "comment" : "Good value",
                    "user" : "Eve"
                  },
                  "sort" : [
                    4
                  ]
                }
              ]
            }
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```

<!-- vale off -->

> ### Example of inner_hits parameters with a parent-join relationship

Reviewer 2: "Example: inner_hits parameters with a parent-join relationship"?

                {
                  "_index": "company",
                  "_id": "2",
                  "_score": null,
                  "_routing": "1",
                  "_source": {
                    "description": "Complete the project",
                    "my_join_field": {
                      "name": "task",
                      "parent": "1"
                    }
                  },
                  "sort": [
                    "Complete the project"
                  ]
                },
                {
                  "_index": "company",
                  "_id": "4",
                  "_score": null,
                  "_routing": "1",
                  "_source": {
                    "description": "Update project",
                    "my_join_field": {
                      "name": "task",
                      "parent": "1"
                    }
                  },
                  "sort": [
                    "Update project"
                  ]
                }
              ]
            }
          }
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```
<!-- vale off -->
## Benefits of using inner_hits
<!-- vale on -->
* **Detailed query results**

>     Using `inner_hits` allows you to retrieve detailed information about matching nested or child documents directly within the parent document's search results. This is particularly useful for understanding the context and specifics of the match without having to perform additional queries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can use `inner_hits` to retrieve detailed information about matching nested or child documents directly from the parent document's search results. This is particularly useful for understanding the context and specifics of the match without having to perform additional queries.
```

>     Example use case: In a blog post index, you have comments as nested objects. When searching for blog posts containing specific comments, you can retrieve the relevant comments that matched the search criteria along with the post details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Example use case: In a blog post index, you have comments as nested objects. When searching for blog posts containing specific comments, you can retrieve relevant comments that match the search criteria along with information about the post.
```

* **Optimized performance**

>     Without `inner_hits`, you might need to run multiple queries to fetch related documents. Using `inner_hits` consolidates these into a single query, reducing the number of round trips to the OpenSearch server and improving overall performance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Without `inner_hits`, you may need to run multiple queries to fetch related documents. Using `inner_hits` consolidates these into a single query, reducing the number of round trips to the OpenSearch server and improving overall performance.
```

>     Example use case: In an e-commerce application, you have products as parent documents and reviews as child documents. A single query with `inner_hits` can fetch products with their relevant reviews, avoiding multiple separate queries.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Example use case: In an e-commerce application, you have products as parent documents and reviews as child documents. A single query using `inner_hits` can fetch products and their relevant reviews, avoiding multiple separate queries.
```

* **Simplified query logic**

>     Combining parent/child or nested document logic in a single query simplifies the application code and reduces complexity. It helps ensure the code is cleaner and more maintainable by centralizing the query logic within OpenSearch.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    You can combine parent/child or nested document logic in a single query to simplify the application code and reduce complexity. This helps to ensure that the code is cleaner and more maintainable by centralizing the query logic in OpenSearch.
```

> 

Reviewer 2: Line above: Can we use a more precise/technical word/phrase than "cleaner"?

>     Example use case: In a job portal, jobs are parent documents, and applications are nested or child documents. Fetching jobs along with specific applications in one query keeps the application logic simple.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Example use case: In a job portal, you have jobs as parent documents and applications as nested or child documents. You can simplify the application logic by fetching jobs along with specific applications in one query.
```

* **Contextual relevance**

>     Using `inner_hits` provides contextual relevance by showing exactly which nested or child documents matched the query criteria. This is crucial for applications in which the relevance of results depends on a specific part of the document that matched the query.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Using `inner_hits` provides contextual relevance by showing exactly which nested or child documents match the query criteria. This is crucial for applications in which the relevance of results depends on a specific part of the document that matches the query.
```

>     Example use case: In a customer support system, tickets are parent documents, and comments or updates are nested or child documents. Knowing which specific comment matched the search helps understand the context of the ticket search.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    Example use case: In a customer support system, you have tickets as parent documents and comments or updates as nested or child documents. You can determine which specific comment matches the search in order to better understand the context of the ticket search.
```
